---
layout: post
title: "Cooktoday Terms of Service"
---
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT / TERMS OF SERVICE

Last updated June 06, 2020

COOKTODAY is licensed to You (End-User) by XINGCHI DAI (referred to herein as “XINGCHI DAI”, “COOKTODAY”, “WE”, “Licensor”) for use only under the terms of this License Agreement.

By downloading the Application from the Apple AppStore, and any update thereto (as permitted by this License Agreement), You indicate that You agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, and that You accept this License Agreement.

The parties of this License Agreement acknowledge that Apple is not a Party to this License Agreement and is not bound by any provisions or obligations with regard to the Application, such as warranty, liability, maintenance and support thereof. XINGCHI DAI, not Apple, is solely responsible for the licensed Application and the content thereof.

This License Agreement may not provide for usage rules for the Application that are in conflict with the latest App Store Terms of Service. XINGCHI DAI acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review said terms and this License Agreement is not conflicting with them.

All rights not expressly granted to You are reserved.
THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") SETS FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS FOR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. THIS AGREEMENT IS ACCEPTED BY YOUR ACCESSING AND/OR USE OF THE SERVICES. YOU MAY NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE SERVICES OR ACCEPT THE AGREEMENT IF YOU ARE NOT 18 YEARS OLD. BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THE AGREEMENT AND TO ABIDE BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE SERVICES.
PLEASE REVIEW COOKTODAY’S PRIVACY POLICY. THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY ARE INCORPORATED INTO, AND CONSIDERED A PART OF, THIS AGREEMENT.


**1. CERTAIN DISCLAIMERS**

**ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING RECIPES, NUTRITION INFORMATION, COOKING PROGRAMS, RECOMMENDATIONS AND INFORMATION RELATING TO FOOD AND/OR HEALTH AND NUTRITION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND NOT PROVIDED AS MEDICAL ADVICE. COOKTODAY DOES NOT ASSUME ANY LIABILITY FOR FOODBORNE ILLNESS OR FOR INACCURACIES OR MISSTATEMENTS ABOUT COOKING PROGRAMS OR PRODUCTS, WHETHER BASED ON THIRD PARTY INFORMATION OR ON RATINGS GENERATED BY THE MOBILE APP AND/OR SERVICES. YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURERS OF THE CONNECTED APPLICANCES AND THE FOOD PRODUCTS OR IN THE ACTUAL PRODUCT PACKAGING AND LABELS, INCLUDING FOR FOOD ALLERGEN AND CONTACT INFORMATION, NUTRIENT CONTENT, QUALIFIED HEALTH CLAIMS, AND DISCLAIMERS REGARDING FOOD SUPPLEMENT STRUCTURE AND FUNCTION CLAIMS, BEFORE USING OR CONSUMING A PRODUCT. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT A PRODUCT, PLEASE CONTACT THE MANUFACTURER. YOU SHOULD VERIFY THAT FOOD HAS BEEN COOKED TO SAFE TEMPERATURES.
INFORMATION ON THE SERVICES IS NOT INTENDED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE ADVICE PROVIDED BY A HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL. YOU SHOULD NOT USE INFORMATION ON THE SERVICES FOR THE DIAGNOSIS OR TREATMENT OF A HEALTH PROBLEM OR DISEASES. YOU SHOULD ALWAYS CONSULT YOUR HEALTHCARE PROVIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DIETARY OR NUTRITIONAL CHANGES.
IN ADDITION TO ALL OTHER LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THIS AGREEMENT, COOKTODAY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY OR LOSS IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTENT PROVIDED ON THE SERVICES.**

**2. THE APPLICATION**

COOKTODAY (hereinafter: Application) is a piece of software created to provide a platform to share recipes with other users of our App. - and customized for Apple mobile devices. It is used to The users of COOKTODAY can view recipes submitted by others and also submit their own recipes through our App.

The Application is not tailored to comply with industry-specific regulations (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), etc.), so if your interactions would be subjected to such laws, you may not use this Application. You may not use the Application in a way that would violate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).

**3. ACCOUNTS**

**3.1 Account Creation.** In order to use certain features of the Services, you must register for an account on the Website and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the Website registration form. You represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; and (c) your use of the Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation or the terms of this Agreement. You may delete your COOKTODAY Account at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions on the Website. COOKTODAY may suspend or terminate your COOKTODAY Account in accordance with this agreement.

**3.2 User Profile.** Your COOKTODAY Account allows you to create a personal profile ("Profile"). You are not required to complete the Profile.

**3.3 Account Responsibilities:** You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your COOKTODAY Account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your COOKTODAY Account. You agree to immediately notify COOKTODAY of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use of your COOKTODAY Account or any other breach of security. COOKTODAY cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements. We will protect your COOKTODAY Account information in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

**4. SCOPE OF LICENSE**

**4.1**  You are given a non-transferable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license to install and use the Licensed Application on any Apple-branded Products that You (End-User) own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in this section and the App Store Terms of Service, with the exception that such licensed Application may be accessed and used by other accounts associated with You (End-User, The Purchaser) via Family Sharing or volume purchasing.

**4.2**  This license will also govern any updates of the Application provided by Licensor that replace, repair, and/or supplement the first Application, unless a separate license is provided for such update in which case the terms of that new license will govern.

**4.3**  You may not share or make the Application available to third parties (unless to the degree allowed by the Apple Terms and Conditions, and with Xingchi Dai’s prior written consent), sell, rent, lend, lease or otherwise redistribute the Application.

**4.4**  You may not reverse engineer, translate, disassemble, integrate, decompile, integrate, remove, modify, combine, create derivative works or updates of, adapt, or attempt to derive the source code of the Application, or any part thereof (except with Xingchi Dai’s prior written consent).

**4.5**  You may not copy (excluding when expressly authorized by this license and the Usage Rules) or alter the Application or portions thereof. You may create and store copies only on devices that You own or control for backup keeping under the terms of this license, the App Store Terms of Service, and any other terms and conditions that apply to the device or software used. You may not remove any intellectual property notices. You acknowledge that no unauthorized third parties may gain access to these copies at any time.

**4.6**  Violations of the obligations mentioned above, as well as the attempt of such infringement, may be subject to prosecution and damages.

**4.7**  Licensor reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of licensing.

**4.8**  Nothing in this license should be interpreted to restrict third-party terms. When using the Application, You must ensure that You comply with applicable third-party terms and conditions.

**5. ACCESS TO SERVICES**

**5.1 Limitations.** Your right to access and use the Services is personal to you and is not transferable by you to any other person or entity. You are only entitled to access and use the Sites and Services for lawful purposes. In order for the Services to function effectively, you must also keep your Registration and Account Information up to date and accurate. If you do not do this, the accuracy and effectiveness of the Services will be affected.

**5.2 Interruptions.** Your access and use of Services may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of equipment, periodic updating, maintenance or repair of the Services or other actions that COOKTODAY, in its sole discretion, may elect to take. In no event will COOKTODAY be liable to any party for any loss, cost, or damage that results from any scheduled or unscheduled downtime.

**5.3 Remedies.** Your sole and exclusive remedy for any failure or non-performance of the Services, including any associated software or other materials supplied in connection with such services, shall be for COOKTODAY to use commercially reasonable efforts to effectuate an adjustment or repair of the applicable service.

**6. USER CONTENT**

**6.1** COOKTODAY enables users to voluntarily submit or share User Content with COOKTODAY or other users. To the extent that such features of the Services are provided, this Section 6 applies. "User Content" of a user means any and all information and content that such user submits to, or uses with, the Services (e.g., content in the user's profile or forum post). You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that makes you or any third party personally identifiable. You hereby affirm, represent, and warrant that (i) you own, or have the necessary licenses, rights, and/or consents to use your User Content with the Services as described herein and (ii) your User Content does not violate the Acceptable Use Policy (defined below). You may not state or imply that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by COOKTODAY. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content (and not COOKTODAY), you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the Acceptable Use Policy (see Section 7 below). COOKTODAY is not obligated to backup any User Content and User Content may be deleted at anytime. You are solely responsible for creating backup copies of your User Content if you desire. We will protect User Content in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

**6.2 License.** By using your User Content with the Services, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to COOKTODAY an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing for any purpose.

**6.3 Feedback.** COOKTODAY will treat any feedback or suggestions you provide to COOKTODAY as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Thus, in the absence of a written agreement with COOKTODAY to the contrary, you agree that you will not submit to COOKTODAY any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. You agree that you grant the full scope of License provided in section 6.2, above, to COOKTODAY in connection with any feedback or suggestions you provide.

**7. ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY**

The following sets forth COOKTODAY's "Acceptable Use Policy", which may be updated from time to time:

**7.1.** You agree not to use the Services to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any User Content (a) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (b) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, abusive, invasive of another's privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive (e.g., material that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual) or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature or which is harmful to minors in any way; or (c) in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party.

**7.2.** In addition, you agree not to use the Services to: (a) upload, transmit, or distribute any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (b) send unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (c) harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; (d) interfere with or disrupt servers or networks connected to the Services or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks or otherwise interferes with our operation or provision of the Services; (e) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services, through password mining or other means; or (f) harass or interfere with another user's use and enjoyment of the Services.

**7.3.** We reserve the right (but have no obligation under this Agreement) to review any User Content, investigate, and/or take appropriate action against you, in our sole discretion, if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of this Agreement, including removing or modifying your User Content, suspending or terminating your COOKTODAY Account in accordance with this aggrement, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities. We may also remove or modify your User Content if it, in our sole judgment, violates the rights of, harms, or threatens the safety of any other person, violates section 7.1, above, or creates liability for us or any other person. In order to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas or court orders, or to protect our business and customers, we may access and disclose any information consider necessary or appropriate, including your COOKTODAY Account username and password, IP address and traffic information, usage history, and your User Content

**8. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT**

**8.1**  The Licensor is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services for this licensed Application. You can reach the Licensor at the email address listed in the App Store Overview for this licensed Application.

**8.2**  XINGCHI DAI and the End-User acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the licensed Application.

**9. USE OF DATA**

You acknowledge that Licensor will be able to access and adjust Your downloaded licensed Application content and Your personal information, and that Licensor's use of such material and information is subject to Your legal agreements with Licensor and Licensor's privacy policy

**10. LIABILITY**

**10.1**  Licensor's responsibility in the case of violation of obligations and tort shall be limited to intent and gross negligence. Only in case of a breach of essential contractual duties (cardinal obligations), Licensor shall also be liable in case of slight negligence. In any case, liability shall be limited to the foreseeable, contractually typical damages. The limitation mentioned above does not apply to injuries to life, limb, or health.

**10.2**  Licensor takes no accountability or responsibility for any damages caused due to a breach of duties according to this Agreement. To avoid data loss, You are required to make use of backup functions of the Application to the extent allowed by applicable third-party terms and conditions of use. You are aware that in case of alterations or manipulations of the Application, You will not have access to licensed Application.

**11. WARRANTY**

**11.1**  Licensor warrants that the Application is free of spyware, trojan horses, viruses, or any other malware at the time of Your download. Licensor warrants that the Application works as described in the user documentation.

**11.2**  No warranty is provided for the Application that is not executable on the device, that has been unauthorizedly modified, handled inappropriately or culpably, combined or installed with inappropriate hardware or software, used with inappropriate accessories, regardless if by Yourself or by third parties, or if there are any other reasons outside of Xingchi Dai’s sphere of influence that affect the executability of the Application.

**11.3**  You are required to inspect the Application immediately after installing it and notify XINGCHI DAI about issues discovered without delay by e-mail provided in this agreement. The defect report will be taken into consideration and further investigated if it has been emailed within a period of ninety (90) days after discovery.

**11.4**  If we confirm that the Application is defective, XINGCHI DAI reserves a choice to remedy the situation either by means of solving the defect or substitute delivery.

**11.5**  In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify the App-Store-Operator, and Your Application purchase price will be refunded to You. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App-Store-Operator will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App, and any other losses, claims, damages, liabilities, expenses and costs attributable to any negligence to adhere to any warranty.

**11.6**  If the user is an entrepreneur, any claim based on faults expires after a statutory period of limitation amounting to twelve (12) months after the Application was made available to the user. The statutory periods of limitation given by law apply for users who are consumers.

**12. PRODUCT CLAIMS**

XINGCHI DAI and the End-User acknowledge that XINGCHI DAI, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of the End-User or any third party relating to the licensed Application or the End-User’s possession and/or use of that licensed Application, including, but not limited to:

+ product liability claims;

+ any claim that the licensed Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and

+ claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation, including in connection with Your Licensed Application’s use of the HealthKit and HomeKit.


**13. LEGAL COMPLIANCE**

You represent and warrant that You are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and that You are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.


**14. CONTACT INFORMATION**            

For general inquiries, complaints, questions or claims concerning the licensed Application, please contact:

+ Xingchi Dai
+ #1 SHIFU LU
+ YIFU A-21-01
+ GUIYANG, GUIZHOU, People’s Republic of China
+ xingchi.dai@guizhouxy.com


**15. TERMINATION**

The license is valid until terminated by XINGCHI DAI or by You. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically and without notice from XINGCHI DAI if You fail to adhere to any term(s) of this license. Upon License termination, You shall stop all use of the Application, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Application.

We may (a) suspend your rights to use the Services (including your COOKTODAY Account) or (b) terminate this Agreement, at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Services in violation of this Agreement or if we believe you are younger than 18. Upon termination of this Agreement, your COOKTODAY Account and right to access and use the Services will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your COOKTODAY Account involves deletion of your User Content associated therewith from our live databases. COOKTODAY will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of this Agreement, including for termination of your COOKTODAY Account or deletion of your User Content.

**16. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY**

IN NO EVENT SHALL WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFIT OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICES (INCLUDING THE WEBSITE, MOBILE APP, OR COOKTODAY CONTENT), OR THIRD PARTY SITES & ADS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES, AND THIRD PARTY SITES & ADS ARE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR (AND OUR SUPPLIERS') LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICES, FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) FIFTY US DOLLARS ($50) OR (B) AMOUNTS YOU'VE PAID COOKTODAY IN THE PRIOR 12 MONTHS (IF ANY).
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

**17. COPYRIGHT POLICY**

COOKTODAY respects the intellectual property of others and asks that users of our services do the same. In connection with our services, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our online services who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights. If you believe that one of our users is, through the use of our services, unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:
+ your physical or electronic signature;
+ identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
+ identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;
+ sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
+ your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
+ a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and
+ a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Please note that, any misrepresentation of material fact (falsities) in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney's fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.
The designated Copyright Agent for COOKTODAY is: XINGCHI DAI, public@guizhouxy.com

**18. GENERAL**

**18.1. Changes to Terms of Service.** This Agreement is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any) and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Website. Any material changes to this agreement will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you (if applicable) or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Website or Mobile App. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Website or Mobile App. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. Continued use of our Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgment of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

**18.2. Governing Law.** This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of People’s Republic of China without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide the application of the law of another jurisdiction. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the city courts and provincial courts located within Guizhou province, People's Republic of China, for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may seek injunctive or other equitable relief to protect its intellectual property rights in any court of competent jurisdiction.

**18.3. Entire Agreement.** This Agreement (which includes the Privacy Policy and any other rules posted on the Website) constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Services. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word including means including without limitation. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. This Agreement, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without COOKTODAY's prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon assignees.

**18.4 Copyright/Trademark Information.** All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on the Services are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.
